Track 04.06
BOB: Hi, Kerry.
KERRY: Hello Bob.
It’s so nice to see you! How are you?
BOB: I’m fine, thanks.
I’m a student at London University now.
KERRY: Really?
What subject do you study?
BOB: Business.
KERRY: Do you like it?
BOB: I love it.
KERRY: And where do you live?
BOB: In a house with
two other students. And you?
KERRY: I live in Hong Kong now
and I work in an office at the university.
BOB: Really? Do you speak Chinese?
KERRY: Well, I have Chinese classes.
My Chinese isn’t very good,
but I speak English at work.
BOB: So why are you in England now?
KERRY: I’m on holiday.
I’m here to see my family.
BOB: How are your mum and dad?
KERRY: They’re well, thanks.
How are your parents?
BOB: They’re fine.
They live in France now, near Paris.
KERRY: Wow, that’s great. Hey, look,
is that Ali over there? Ali! … Ali! …